
        **I am driven, dedicated, and focused on delivering high-impact results through a unique intersection of disciplines.**

        Hi—I'm Pramo. I am an Actuarial Analyst and Computer Scientist based in Canberra. I recently graduated from the Australian National University with First Class Honours in Computing, alongside degrees in Actuarial Studies and Science (Computing major and math minor).
        
        I want to focus in the space of applying machine learning and other computing tecniques to better understand and interpret data in the actuarial space, while ensuring the model is not a complete black box. I feel like one of my biggest struggles is selling myself, but I think focusing on what I know of myself, I dont think i am the most smartest person in the room or anything like that. But i know I would be one of the most driven and dedicated people there, I did a double because I wanted to bring a niche intersection into work that not much people have, but along side that I completed all but one actuarial exam qualifying as a fellow before graduation. I like helping other and throughout uni I found being a tutor one of the most rewarding this I have done, along side numerous voluntering roles, and mentoring. As a tutor, I was proactive and always aimed to improve student experience, I have made nymerous assignment and contnet (some visible under https://www.pramo.info/projects/). I also did my honours in improving mortality projections for better retirement pricing for australians, the work that was done in this research was novel and incorporated health based variables to mortality predictions for australians. I have organised and help run numerous events and programs within ANU, and have shown a keen skill in organisation and management of multiple tasks. Time management and juggling a lot of stuff was something i mastered during the last two years of university where I overloaded with multiple part 2 and 3 courses for actuaires institute, along side work at the australian government actuary. I am proactive and intiated the start of the sri lankan society at NAU.